# Unique-Code-Generator
### Final Task for Data Structure Course | Making simple Command Line Interface (CLI) to process user's input data and making it into a unique code using Stack Data Structure.

## Stack and Queue contain custom data types (max value 100)
### Data structure rules:
This topic is different from other topics, because there are not many primitives, so the emphasis is on case studies and logic that utilizes stack AND queue. The data type of the stack and queue depends on the story given.
Structure design data:
Stack with Arrays
Queue with list
Functionality (100 Points for a group score):
Enter data (Stack 5, Queue 5)
Delete data (Stack 5, Queue 5)
Display data (Stack 5, Queue 5)
Primitive utilization in problem solving. (Stack 30, Queue 30)
Main Programs (10)

## Decimal to binary and palindromes

The program that has been created is a program that can generate secret codes for users.
The user will enter the data name, date of birth (1-31), month of birth (1-12), and year of birth (4 digits) and a code string.

The code string entered by the user will be checked whether it is a palindrome or not using the stack. 
If the result is a palindrome then the secret code can be generated. 
If not, then the user is asked to enter a new code string again until the string is declared palinform
If the secret code has been declared a palindrome, the user data will be stored in the Queue list.
User data is name, date of birth (1-31), month of birth (1-12), and year of birth (4 digits) and a code string and secret code (which will be generated by your program).
After finishing inputting data, the user will be asked whether to input numbers again or not. If yes, the user will be asked to enter data again. If not, the program will continue the process of generating secret codes for each user in the Queue list

### Secret Code Generation Rules:
If the code string from the user is already a palindrome, 
then the program will convert the date and month into binary using an integer stack op. 
The results of the binary conversion will each be stored in two STACK of integers. The contents of each stack are displayed on the screen
Then the stack containing the binary conversion will be output one by one alternately between the date binary stack and the month binary stack, 
and the results are stored in a QUEUE of integer. The contents of the Queue are displayed on the screen
Then convert the binary stored in the queue into a decimal number.
That is the user's secret code. The secret code is displayed on the screen and will also be stored in the data list
Proceed to the next user data
